most of you are
Now those who have got realization
the vibrations
first of all that they are now developing
into another beam
The germination has started
And you must allow the germination to work out its own way
but normally
When we get realization also?
We do not realize that
It is a tremendous thing that has happened within us
That this triggering which is an impossibility?
Has taken place within us, and it has to work out slowly?
It has to develop and evolve us into that
And because we do not feel it. We do not take it that seriously as we should our realization
Moreover they are surrounded by people who have not felt the vibrations
They do not know this area. They have never seen it
As Guru Nanak has called it it is a locker they have not seen it
They don't know about it. They don't know there is a power of God that exists
Which understands coordinates?
cooperates with you
Which is working in the collective being?
Which makes aware?
You aware of that collective being and of others also
This allah car. We can call it upper option which is not seen by anyone which no one knows about
They talk about they talk about the kingdom of God
They talk about God's powers Divine power, so I'll talk tok tok tok tok
But once you are triggered into it
You have to grow into it
Unless and until you grow into it
Will be dropped
Especially for people who have come from fake gurus and from False
Things said they have been following they don't know
How terrible these things are like you're a no crocodile
And suddenly you discourage the crocodile. How fast you would run from that
But even the understanding that it is a crocodile, and it is going to eat you off
Doesn't come up so easily are you going alright?
Alright, so bye. Bye and as I have told you you tell your sister you have to form the nucleus
And you have to write to me?
About it and that you have to work out
Very well there all right you tell her what I have told you about Ireland
Alright may God bless you bye
Jim are you going to?
all right, so
This one doesn't realize also
As you do not realize that triggering which is the most difficult thing has happened to you it is difficult
But it has happened to you know why it has happened
If you take that one for granted and also you take the Devil's for granted
At least don't take the Devil's for granted
Run away from them as soon as possible
meditate meditate
And try to establish yourself in the realm of divine law
I
Say it is divine love
You cannot understand. What's divine. Love is
You cannot understand any human being who loves you only for love's sake
Just because that person loves you. He goes on lovin because he enjoys that loving
In Sanskrit, it is called a garage that there is no interest of God
It's just true
Even when it corrects you it corrects you in love
And the protection of divine love is the only way you are
germinating
That love gives you that warmth needed that strengthening that that confidence needed
Everything is given to you by that divine love
So one has to realize that it is love and love and love is the basis of all this creation
God has created this world this universe only because he loved
And he wants to bestow this blessing on you because he loves
Maha far you love yourself is a problem
However, you understand yourself is the problem
You do not evaluate yourself
And that is the reason why though the Kundalini has risen
And you have got realization your vibrations are flowing the growth is very slow
Because attention has been outside
And even after realization it is outside
Sometimes it is sucked in again. It goes outside
Then we do not change our old habits at all we go on sticking to those old habits our
Structure of life our styles of thinking continue to be the same
Again, we find ourselves lost into the same shambles
Now sahaja Yoga gives you realization alright, but also it gives you a long rope to hang yourself
if you do not pay heed to yourself and to your being if you don't love yourself and
understand that you are
the instrument of God by Which
For the first time you are going to give
realization to people
You are going to save people from getting drowned, and this is the first time you are made like that
This capability you never had and no human beings have which you have got now today
Very few people had this capability very very few people
But now you have got that capacity
And you do not want to evaluate yourself
how important it is
if you could realize
Then you would work it out
Allow the blossoming blossoming to come on the contrary I find
Today because you are all sahaja yogi's. I can talk to you like this
Normally it is about Kundalini and all that but I find that you do not see the movements of your Kundalini
You should try to understand and she's the one who loves you the most
But she is your individual mother
And if you try to follow her you will see that she's suggesting. Where is the problem with you? What you have to correct?
What you have to do because she wants to perfect you
She wants to help you
So if you start watching it carefully with love with understanding she is very playful
extremely sweetly full of
Beautiful planes like a little child she will tickle you here and there call for your attention. She doesn't trouble you
You have to be just alert about her and she really matures you have seen people with time. How they have matured
But you have to pay attention to her and to yourself
Otherwise, what is your value without enlightenment?
What is the value of a human being without enlightenment?
What is the use of having human beings if they are not enlightened?
What is the use of this instrument if it is not put to the mains?
The rest is on useless
Isn't it?
And it is you who have to raise the people you have to enlighten the people
As we have some gas lights you see a man runs up to the gas lights ruth
Lighten them he only has has the power or capacity to it. So he runs up the street
Lightening all the gas lights it is he here who has to do he is appointed for that?
Sahaja Yogi's must realize. What is their value?
What have you made out of sahaja yoga? How many people have you saved?
How many people you have had?
Instead of your own problems are so many and you are creating problems for others by talking by discussing by arguing
You cannot discuss it out. You must know
You cannot argue it out it has to work by itself
by arguing discussing fussing judging
Confusing yourself
You create a problem for your Kundalini to work it out. Are you not seeking your spirit?
Are you not worried about the salvation of your own spirit?
If so, what are you doing about it?
That's the most important thing I
think everybody realizes this
That only achieving self-realization is not the end of it
Because it's just the sprouting that I started if to go further you have to have compassion for others who haven't got it as yet
You have to think about them. You have to give it to them work it out put all your minds truth
But still I find people are busy with other things
They go back into the same circle
You should be busy. I don't say that should not do something for your living you have to do it
This is one thing very important for us to know that we have to work it out
We have to allow it to grow Within ourselves I
Mean if you say the mother we have all faith in you, that's all that's not sufficient. What Faith
Do you have what do you mean by faith in such a waiter? What is faith after all?
Have you ever analyzed the word faith some people think that we have all faith in mother if you sing her place finished?
For that one has to reach a certain stage like adi shankaracharya had reached
How do you got faith in yourself is the point who is having Faith in me?
Is the one who has no faith in oneself you?
have to have faith in yourself and
In all your fellow be all this other sahaja Yogi's
I've already told you that
Sahaja yoga is not going to work out individually anybody who thinks that I am something later than the others is a gone case
Nobody should work sahaja yoga for oneself in that way you have to work collectivity for every one of them
Any one of you who thinks that you have something higher than the others have you are sadly mistaken
It's like one eye saying that I am higher than the other or one no saying I am higher than the eyes
everything has its own place in the body of Iran and
everybody is so important as well as
dispensable
You know what happens in Sahaja, Yoga very common in India not so much here
I mean Indians do this way they have certain very good points like I
Mean whenever I go. I find them very much matured and very much developed
Because they are not such thinkers as you are you are great thinkers visionaries intellectuals you see
And I was thinking all the intellectuals will be developing a horn here like this after some time
And when you see that we will know that these intellectuals who are denouncing. God and you now seeing all his way
They are not intellectuals. I would say to that extent but they fail in certain things
while you fail in certain things
They always had this kind of a thing that somebody came up like a one man. He said no
I am something great you see then. He said I am this I am that
goes on with this kind of hopping
And it shows down other people
And then suddenly such a person is brought down
And the people are shocked mother ha ha what happened
You cannot you see if you have to even pull a dead carpet like that
You cannot pull one side of it you have to carry the one
Only one person cannot shoot off in the whole game
now you take my
position
Yes, I know
I have all the powers everything is there of course I'm supposed to be a
Much higher than all that supposed to be I should say
But confronting you I?
Have to come down. I have to fight the way with you up the Hill
Every step we have to go together hand in hand you know that
Somebody some Chakras are catching all right, so I put my chakra into play it works out
It works out that way, but you know that how much I have to struggle
How much I have to work hard
It's a task
living realization
my Kundalini doesn't need anything you know that but still she has to carry your heavy Kundalini on herself and
Raise it
It's a very heavy thing
Only a person of real love can do that
That's the only criteria
The one who does not have love
Cannot do it
It is too much a thing to do
the whole Body vibrating the every center vibrating
It's not easy
but it's just the love the compassion between
you and me
Miss suits me
which covers all the
tasks and the labor and the thing that I have to put in
And sometimes it's such a wasteful thing I feel about some people it is such a waste with them
but still the love
That has brought us together
gives that soothing feeling
And you she's so cheerful every morning you get up with a new
Fragrance within yourself feeling so happy about it
So be careful
In dealing with people you have to deal with love
Not with criticism or in any way showing them down in any way
When you are not any way higher than anyone, then there is no reason it should be done like that
If you are getting anyway
Higher you are helping the collective be
But in that if you are feeling that you are higher than others you are again coming down because you are pulling down the collectivity
If you put down anyone or condemn anyone like that
Then you are putting down that person, and you should not also cut it because I am there to correct
It's not easy to correct others
You may hurt them you don't know even the ways of correcting people
Unless and until you have those powerful vibrations which are emitting from your being just love
Then you can do it
Because of an ego, oriented society you are very good at hurting others. We dominate others
We don't even know that we are dominating others. There's so many ways I've learnt in this country we have
By which we dominate in a very subtle way
We talked to people in such a way that we are dominating them
Do we ever think sit down? How are we going to talk to others?
Suggesting our love to them
I'll tell you again and again that sahaja yoga is nothing, but love love love how much you love others is the main point
despising
Criticizing is not
Yesterday you were just to say today you are better off
There are going to be better off stare of course some people who are very heavy are very troublesome
You should tell them plainly that sorry sir. You are very negative. We can't bear you
There are some cunning people also who may come in and try to trouble you?
To a point is all right then you have to tell them off. That's we are. Sorry
But even to judge whether a person is negative or what sort of a thing is doing you are just thinking about it
You are rationalizing not through rationality
but through vibrations
Because rationality a person may appear to be a very nice person may be
Or a lady coming in C and the lady will be a terrible stuff
So how much you meditate means how much you love?
When you think of others think how much you love them just try to think how beautiful it is
If it is not love it is hatred
it's like a scorching heat you see which will completely take away all the beauty the smoothness of
your heart
Only through love Sahaja Yoga is going to split
All these years you have seen the powers of hatred
You have seen how people hate
How they talk about each other how they treat each other there's no tenderness about them. There's no kindness about them
How sharp? They are with each?
You have to change all that now you have to create a world of people who love each other for nothing
Not for money not for positions not for beauty not for sex
only for love sex
only because
You have been blessed by love
From next time will be advertising and there will be many more coming. Who are new people to sahaja yoga?
And I'm sure it is going to increase
But I have told you that all of you must find out. How many people you can bring in yourself and workout I?
Must say Jim has done a good job very good job. I'm very proud of him
He's gone and done such a lot of things
And single-handed she has worked it out fighting such a horrible monster there
But he's done it
All of you must support him and also such people who want to do something?
Put your mind to something like that all the time. We are thinking about jobs. This that that
This is a very precious time it should not be lost all our lives you have done jobs earning money marrying having children and dying
this lifetime
Let us do something special for which this whole universe was created
Open the gates of heavens from the rest of the people
You have to be a sidious there is no compulsion in Sahaja yoga. You know that forever. There is no timing for it
There is no forcing for it
Because I say it is love if you do not want to do it. Nobody is going to Force you
But as I said sahaja yoga gives a very long rope to hang yourself
Till you go into illusions completely, and you wouldn't even know that you have lost all your vibrations it is to that extent
if we have entered into something
Which was unprecedented?
We have to take the ways which are unprecedented
You cannot go about with the ways that you have had before you have to change your methods
judge every action of yours true love
How much sacrifice you can make for others what can you sacrifice for others what service? Can you do for others Sahaja Yogi's?
I'm saying
There is no sacrifice in it if you see it. What is the sacrifice? Which is love?
If you love someone, and you want to take say the rose for a person
And you go to the market with great difficulty you get the morrow's when you get it you feel happy
but then you get the thorn in the
Finger still you don't mind this bleeding doesn't matter then you are just waiting to see the person there
And when you see the person you forget all that is
gone in between
And you give that Rose?
Just to Express yourself
symbolically
And how happy you feel that you have been able to give that rose to that person this we do every day in our life
But in Sahaja yoga you do it without even knowing it. It's happening
You are transmitters everywhere. You are sitting in meditation. You are transmitting vibrations. Do you know that?
At that time if you are thinking say of your jobs and your other things which you have been taking before
The transmission is poor
Think of love think of the whole country think of the whole world at that time
Your transmitters of these waves of love and love will play flow from you. I?
Told you once that you are made in the form of Ganesha
And that's what you have to do
You know there are vibrations from you coming out?
You are sending vibrations out you know that
That means you're like any deity. Which is thrown out of the mother's I?
mean Earth's womb
And a big temple is raised and thousands of people go to worship that
And they say it is a temple
Of a jagger Delta means a person jagr root means enlightened
awakened
and that's just a
Stone A
Stone that comes out and people build a temple on top of that and go there. I worship that
while there are so many already sitting here, so many jagira the
realized souls
These are living these are moving
These are understanding
They maneuver
the stones only emit vibrations
To clear that mosfet but you you can raise the Kundalini
They cannot raise the Kundalini you can now what are revealing about it
Such a precious thing you have got what are you doing about it?
Is it because there is no business with it?
That we are taking it so slowly
Supposing it's an enterprise then everybody would be up and doing is it
We have to change ways and methods of understanding
The reward of God his thousandfold
Then any Enterprise can Bestow Pali
When he blesses you
He wouldn't even have words to thank him to that extent he goes
Are we depending on him or on our own old ways?
They have to change very much. We have to transform ourselves into new style of thinking
It is very very important I
Hope you will think about it what I have to talk to you today
don't take
to life's which
Has not brought any happiness to you
You have your friends?
Who are sahaja Yogi's change your friends?
Change your methods of life. You will enjoy a much more
This is for you to understand
About yourself and about the importance of Sahaja Yoga is
Unless and until it is an enterprise nobody takes it up seriously
this is
the style of
western thinking
It has to be whether it is hocus-Pocus, or real Enterprise
Doesn't matter as long as there is money exchanges everybody is up
and doing
But when it comes to sahaja yoga they have no time he went to meditate
Because we are not yet loved we will not felt that Love within Ausa I
Wish you could all feel that depth of love then you would go all out to
work it out for yourself and for others I
Would like to have some questions from you sahaja yogi's if possible
And somebody should try to give him he can get it in no time
realization I say at the king of mysteries
Is there any question ask me anything practical because we have very few new people today
We can just have a very nice chat
In front of me will you do to the queen no no no what I'm saying will you do to the queen of England fitra?
Yeah
before my photograph
will you spit at the
No, no, no what I'm saying if your if your queen's photograph is there will you spit at her?
Yes, it is. It is an insult putting your feet towards somebody is an insult is a common thing
No, no
It is a custom everywhere in the whole world
We have you have lost all your traditions
Doesn't mean that there were no such traditions of putting away free turn somebody imagine somebody coming down to see you
Somebody who you have to respect you put your feet up. I mean anybody can understand you when a child understands this
You see the sense of our respect has come to us from inside not from outside
It's not rationality it has come to us from over unconscious
We know how we respect?
Say somebody would say that what's wrong in talking like this to someone
You see supposing somebody says now you know that even a child knows if he's talking to elders. He'd put down his head
but here you see everybody so abnormal you don't know how to
Do everything because everything is rationalized you see tomorrow you might say what's wrong if I stand on my head
I mean do it but that's not the way there are certain normal ways of
Protocol of praying how do you pray in the church imagine in the church you go and sit with both your feet towards the priest?
What will you say put on your feet?
These things are innate within us human beings are already lots of things
They're not animals
they know lots of things already you don't know how many things are built in you in a very beautiful way in your
Understanding as a human being you know so many things
Nowhere in the world you will find anybody putting up their feet before anyone whom you respect. It's not a sign of respect
There's no question of India or anything only thing in India people have yet preserved all their sense of respect
In other places they have so rationalized and so you go in orientate that they have no respect for anyone, what sir?
And then it's alright, it happened. Did you see it?
No, no, no, not that way not losing energy
I was just thinking about stressing the feet before somebody whom you respect say my photograph is there or I'm there now
You respect me isn't it then you would not like to sit with the feet
That's what I'm trying to say, but you see losing energy or now that is not that at all who told me
That's not you sleep like that. You don't sleep with the feet on the ground
How can it be if anybody says that you should not take it for granted?
It's a they say I think that all this is not so important to us
When you see, how do you sleep? I mean it is so simple and natural you know this is what happening with rationality?
See very simple things become so funny that you I don't know what to say
That's what I said a horn will be growing from your all you of you intellectuals will be having a big on coming out
So people will know right all right. We know these people
But nobody will face them
You see it is so simple
Because they are so complicated
All simple things look so hot it is a question of respect and he's a question of if you are sleeping of course you stretch
Your feet like that straight his call right while you sit down. You can sit like that. There's no, huh?
You need not be cross-legged all the time. It's not necessary if you are doing some sort of a
Exercises something you can be like that
But everything now say for example you have got hands now
This is for many purposes all right it is for taking vibrations
It is for eating it is for scratching now. If you are eating at that time if you want to scratch now what to do
It's a question like that
See whatever you have to do you do at that right time with the way you want to do
If you need your feet for something you running you should run when you have to sit down
Then you have to sleep you ever sleep. I mean this is normal
Sahaja Yogi's does not mean that you should cut your noses
No, it doesn't mean that
and
I see this which I casted in a very
short time and
This was like
because and
Then I find that from the height high something. I have come so I
Feel it
and I have found that the more I detach myself from
my family from my
things he's my gravy and biggest number of
medication
comes to this
one
When I see a beautiful the beautiful name I
would remain restless grass for
Whatever isis what you're doing. No, I'm just
What was that you did what yoga did you do?
Haha, yeah, all right
It's to myself to maintain that state of mind which useful offer please
Yes, just corrected all right now the first thing very supporters are catching
That's it
Now see to do patanjali was a mistake
The very beginning as a mother I must tell you frankly all right
Because patanjali cannot be done unless and until you have some realize guru behind it if you start doing it is unauthorized
See it is an unauthorized thing to do like supposing
I am not as a policeman
All right, and I start behaving like a policeman
I'll be arrested
in the same way you did it in an unauthorized a
By doing in an unauthorized way you see you have
started in the wrong Direction altogether
The Direction was wrong and the bliss and all that you get it is not the bliss that we are talking about
That's a bliss one gets when you see shirk responsibility you can get
You see if you can get out of your family and children and all that
one can feel blissful if he thinks that it is having a sort of a
pressure on you or a kind of a
attachment or something but
in Sahaja Yoga, what happens is
That you become a personality
When you are in the drama, but you are just seeing it
You become as action
That should happen
That's the reality that's how it should happen once it happens to you, then you will just start seeing the whole thing as a trauma
You understand
Chi, Wanta what is she say?
Huh?
He is waiting. Yes. He is a realized soul. We'll see what realization
You got it. What about this gentleman here in front of you Marcus
So it should happen in the most
natural way in a spontaneous way and
God has given you that ancora. Which is called as Kundalini. Which of course you know Camila and all these people have talked about
But it is a sahaja method it just happens to you with a realized soul only you cannot do it yourself
If you try to do it, you will be making a mistake, and that's what has happened in you
So now we have to completely sort of neutralize the effects of that
And then we'll raise your Kundalini by which you will get your realization by which gradually we'll get your vibrations
And you start understanding all right?
So you just now forget about that what you have done it, and it's going to work out then it's a permanent thing
Hmm
What about his vibration Marcus?
Huh left or right you?
Got your realization is it
I'm asking you is it all right?
Where's the catch on the left is it are you feeling something?
You get what?
ha ha
Anybody was any problems about Chakras any one of the sahaja Yogi's Cooley. We have some water
anybody Perhaps
Anybody who has any problem about their own Chakras please ask me you see because - next time
We'll be having lots of people here, and then we won't be able to talk so better ask me about it
Dinesh, what is your problem?
Again, I can see that clearly from here you have to forgive people. Do you understand that?
forgive and forgive
What about her vibrations don't you see?
You have not been alright, but have you been practicing
Why?
Now what have you been practicing did you take vibrations and did you clearance yourself a?
footbath you'd
Anytime everything is better. So what is it then what you are not feeling anything in your heart
In which fingers are you feeling the tingling?
most of them oh, God
Where have you been before coming to me?
to what group you be
Hmm. What does he do?
What does he see?
Zen, but he's not a realized soul you
See this israel. What else am I teaching here? Do you realize sahaja yoga is nothing else, but zen simple zen
Unless and until you are realized how are you going to see into the original are you going to penetrate into that?
This is simple Zen I am telling
So what is he doing here your friend?
Here's what a class or something
So what?
What is my self writing without understanding you cannot Copy zen?
You have to be there
See there were only
26 Kasha pass in the six centuries there Kashyap as means realized souls you say in the same system, so far
And now we have so many of them here
So this is then nothing else present you must understand
You tell him to come and see me sometimes you see this is all artificial
You cannot copy people you have to get it. You understand my point
What is it?
Yes, you have been
Know that that's true, but what I'm saying that
For that you should take your treatment all right. We have some treatments here. Do you know what we give for that?
Yes, did you bring that you did once?
All right now both the hands you are getting the tingling or one hand
up here coach tingling or I had my era no, but that's
It will be gradually be settling down see it has to settle down within you he's come with you is it
Connor just sees vibrations. You said see yourself. You'll be good right here hmM
Left side is very weak all right now. What about you both ions or left-hand
well
So I'm sitting here is he very fast
Give a realization to someone who is in the corner there
We are getting young got is it oh?
I never knew really
You been to some tea no come let's see come on my feet
Put your hands down
Hello
filipa you're going to Ireland you take the address of
Turtle, but his mother is there yeah?
What's the matter with you still hot hold your lady? How is he?
He's got it. I think so. Yeah
up on Korea
Abdel Fattah Jacobus
Pasado, how did you know it? Did you write to your father and find out how it's all these vibrations
You see what he was. So sweet. He told me will you tell you a finish that I have got my world realization, so
You write to him back saying that
Mataji has told me. I am very happy about it now how to maintain it you send a photograph and take interest
He'd be very happy you
Know he told me that he wanted to go to religious life we went to
Him allah has also wanted to take Sannyasa and undertake
This is Athena
Let's tell him to change his pattern a little bit into alright sweaty food otherwise a very good person
Good man
Right sorry sir ah you see this working means you have to understand just imagine
They also went to this dream when he didn't believe in attitude
But maybe because of Kandahar Jeremy you were abandoned
I don't know how they may discover that it was all wrong
very sensible
Never be very very discriminating. I mean honestly they are so much impressed by her just can't talk to him
Then what they told me about her that she just talks about
Something abstract. She didn't talk about science nothing, so that's why we like her
absolute is it if the divine is not related to
Life, what's the use of such a diviner?
Hmm
right a lot
What do you feel guilty about now? Just don't feel in here right now
Well you better now. What is her done? Less you see a vibration
Left you been to some spiritualist. No sure
Put your right hand on your heart right hand on your heart is
All right value bet enough. I think you should not share both of you
you sit a partner very much apart give you more but
is she
Okay
Did you see Peter what he has done the newspaper?
No, no, no, no just now showing lavine has got let's see you must see marcus you must see that
It's beautiful down
very systematic
You work on him Celestia come work on him?
Hey, yeah, yeah, what's your name?
Nichols yeah, just come it's only you can do it
What is see?
Nothing still left all right now
What is that thing you're wearing in the neck? Huh? What's it?
Just let me have present from your husband
Blood should not be there. What does he do your husband?
How are you?
All right
left hat
Let her know
like hard
Ah it's tragic
not
Huh, no
Hmm now
Not it
now
Smoking up enough know you I said
mother
body mentor for your food
How do the incarnation foundation?
Ah happy now see down Sarah Scott
and that side is the entire nation ah
It's coming nothing
Ah better now
So believe in it now look to recognize all right yes. I know but it is true recognized
But it's a fact you see it is in in
These modern times this is the only way this we must recognize if you do not recognize you not you see. It's a statement
What?
about this she started with the holy ghost
yes, just
Now you asked me. Where are we with the incarnation of?
Been to some of you or some of you. I did to him many many moons ago
about six months for so long
kidding
moving right giving me
free
I'm sad my valium sucked out my father's eyes ah
From high volumes I've got my balloons are shining with our names actually riding a giraffe
feeding cookies
Are affiliated with that hand?
My fabulous I said my hot body
Studious doctor cheer on such a father do such and such a such that she was
ah
Ah Tom Jeter because she carry huh bacala, ha
ha
Ha she's got it alright. Now. You got it now and see yes
Now you say mother you are the holy ghost
Good luck, but we got it
Split, huh?
Huh, huh, sorry that's super cycling
Very Shallow I gotta pee
Uh-huh, I tried to kill us a stomach semi-feral AsansOl. I
failed to kill Marcus
What I did, I took la salle, de Canard what I think this I suppose. I'll take him out
Hmm
Eurorack Tata Tata
not lazy
You get my heart
Back yeah lately hi
All right, that's good. That's good. Oh, that's not I said what I will do I have to collect her
Did you do all the devices or you cut my record and then it doesn't leave me. I won't know
We have a record answered
by Allah to outlet
Put it near the candy
Doll illness and a ham what's allowed?
romantic
Okay, I don't remember
Didn't you must imagine thinking of someone? Ah he's all right?
hot Rahman
Ask her to put his hand on the missile to say should the vidya then universe
Nada Nirmala vidya under on the right Rajasthan and left. Sorry son
I mean yes, and just to him to you just say nearby be there
Hmm. Yes, you say in your mahavidya. You see normal with that
Tommy was atCha
Toliver had to light curry. What did her other half was is it better now?
There's a bang they only write Navi
Ah all right
All right very good
Baba Yaga
Forgot what to eat ever had to buy a yellow onion
Naruto get Miata
Dino Category back, Lopaka digital bootays it but let's become tackle a budget that I chose, Naga the beautisol
sorry, Delta
Delta to Malibu Totally Gilligan
Now eat a bar McCarter Katungu Tada Dada da cunha epithermal a lynette, Mrs.. Mulani
Yin are what happened to Jerry Power meant to say time lately but Muchacho maruyama?
Tabare - Anna Goethe Sangalo atlatl Catalina, I think I got a ruby roots of Manchester your account ah a
Fantasy honor, I'd say 8.39 idea was to it
Now come along I'll see
Just come on my feet all right put your hands down
Put your head down putting the only push this back, but it's just a minute. I think I should prefer
Turn them
Tell you and I expect you baby, and I can't would what about your own sister JJ. I?
Bet you tell her J. You have to have children
What's this your sister is having all the children which you never see at least you have some children now
Alright
I'm expecting some nice realized souls to come
What's a butt off buddy? Good idea? It's good
Are you alright now? What's your name?
Jea Jean good well, how are you everything not ah?
Left we should be really
She said Tommy was Hotshot with Malawi dia sot sot
Emily is pure with that is the art you see the arts in me there is knowledge
Your knowledge your knowledge, you see knowledge is after you are realized then you get the knowledge isn't it?
That's it. You are the embodiment of pure knowledge
and the technique is he
coming up
No come decide from this so now
Like she we're actors
Let's rock. She got fed. She thought her life put your hands like
How are you John now? How is John? How are you Jonah better feeding the fool?
not yet, Raises, Kundalini
You watch it
Not sure now. How did you get into this trouble?
Going to the hospital. What happened you had some shocks in life
What happened? What upset you so much?
You don't know Jean what when you good more anyway?
Rajneesh was she she's presenting as it is
Hashish you dig. That's hot
Huh, now that is not alright
the tall Marissa I
Would have to be I'm also is it
They have not because of certain things but one should be little bit
And that's my that's my weak point item. Yes
nice
Open your eyes in this bullshit
- did you try that I haven't had an opportunity yet?
infamously, yeah
We're putting them
It's alright
That is just coming out here
left to the right sure
Mr.. How are you?
Marcus and all of you come, I must see check you again all from TM. People
you